[Music]
[Music] in the second year of Jehoash the son of
in the second year of Jehoash the son of
in the second year of Jehoash the son of Jehovah as king of Israel
Jehovah as king of Israel
Jehovah as king of Israel a messiah the son of joash king of Judah
a messiah the son of joash king of Judah
a messiah the son of joash king of Judah became king he was 25 years old when he
became king he was 25 years old when he
became king he was 25 years old when he became King and he reigned 29 years in
became King and he reigned 29 years in
became King and he reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was ji ho
Jerusalem his mother's name was ji ho
Jerusalem his mother's name was ji ho Eden of Jerusalem and he did what was
Eden of Jerusalem and he did what was
Eden of Jerusalem and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord yet not
right in the sight of the Lord yet not
right in the sight of the Lord yet not like his father David he did everything
like his father David he did everything
like his father David he did everything as his father Jewish had done however
as his father Jewish had done however
as his father Jewish had done however the high places were not taken away and
the high places were not taken away and
the high places were not taken away and the people still sacrificed and burned
the people still sacrificed and burned
the people still sacrificed and burned incense on the high places now it
incense on the high places now it
incense on the high places now it happened as soon as the kingdom was
happened as soon as the kingdom was
happened as soon as the kingdom was established in his hand that he executed
established in his hand that he executed
established in his hand that he executed his servants who had murdered his father
his servants who had murdered his father
his servants who had murdered his father the king but the children of the
the king but the children of the
the king but the children of the murderers he did not execute according
murderers he did not execute according
murderers he did not execute according to what is written in the book of the
to what is written in the book of the
to what is written in the book of the law of Moses in which the LORD commanded
law of Moses in which the LORD commanded
law of Moses in which the LORD commanded father's shall not be put to death for
father's shall not be put to death for
father's shall not be put to death for their children nor shall children be put
their children nor shall children be put
their children nor shall children be put to death for their fathers but a person
to death for their fathers but a person
to death for their fathers but a person shall be put to death for his own sin
shall be put to death for his own sin
shall be put to death for his own sin he killed 10,000 in the valley
he killed 10,000 in the valley
he killed 10,000 in the valley of salt and took Cielo by war and called
of salt and took Cielo by war and called
of salt and took Cielo by war and called its name Jack Theo to this day
its name Jack Theo to this day
its name Jack Theo to this day then Amaziah sent messengers to ji-ho
then Amaziah sent messengers to ji-ho
then Amaziah sent messengers to ji-ho ash the son of Jehovah's the son of G
ash the son of Jehovah's the son of G
ash the son of Jehovah's the son of G Hugh King of Israel come let us face one
Hugh King of Israel come let us face one
Hugh King of Israel come let us face one another in battle and joash king of
another in battle and joash king of
another in battle and joash king of Israel sent to amaziah king of judah the
Israel sent to amaziah king of judah the
Israel sent to amaziah king of judah the Thistle that was in lebanon sent to the
Thistle that was in lebanon sent to the
Thistle that was in lebanon sent to the cedar that was in lebanon saying give
cedar that was in lebanon saying give
cedar that was in lebanon saying give your daughter to my son as wife and a
your daughter to my son as wife and a
your daughter to my son as wife and a wild beast that was in lebanon passed by
wild beast that was in lebanon passed by
wild beast that was in lebanon passed by and trampled the thistle you have indeed
and trampled the thistle you have indeed
and trampled the thistle you have indeed defeated Edom and your heart has lifted
defeated Edom and your heart has lifted
defeated Edom and your heart has lifted you up glory in that and stay at home
you up glory in that and stay at home
you up glory in that and stay at home for why should you meddle with trouble
for why should you meddle with trouble
for why should you meddle with trouble so that you fall you and Judah with you
so that you fall you and Judah with you
so that you fall you and Judah with you but Amaziah would not heed therefore
but Amaziah would not heed therefore
but Amaziah would not heed therefore jeho ash king of israel went out so he
jeho ash king of israel went out so he
jeho ash king of israel went out so he and amaziah king of judah faced one
and amaziah king of judah faced one
and amaziah king of judah faced one another at beth shemish which belongs to
another at beth shemish which belongs to
another at beth shemish which belongs to Judith
and Judah was defeated by Israel and
and Judah was defeated by Israel and every man fled to his tent then Jehoash
every man fled to his tent then Jehoash
every man fled to his tent then Jehoash king of Israel captured amaziah king of
king of Israel captured amaziah king of
king of Israel captured amaziah king of judah the son of joash the son of Ahaz
judah the son of joash the son of Ahaz
judah the son of joash the son of Ahaz aya ad beth shemesh and he went to
aya ad beth shemesh and he went to
aya ad beth shemesh and he went to jerusalem and broke down the wall of
jerusalem and broke down the wall of
jerusalem and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to
jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to
jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate four hundred cubits and
the corner gate four hundred cubits and
the corner gate four hundred cubits and he took all the gold and silver all the
he took all the gold and silver all the
he took all the gold and silver all the articles that were found in the house of
articles that were found in the house of
articles that were found in the house of the lord and in the Treasuries of the
the lord and in the Treasuries of the
the lord and in the Treasuries of the king's house and hostages and returned
king's house and hostages and returned
king's house and hostages and returned to samaria now the rest of the acts of
to samaria now the rest of the acts of
to samaria now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did his might and how
Jehoash which he did his might and how
Jehoash which he did his might and how he fought with amaziah king of judah are
he fought with amaziah king of judah are
he fought with amaziah king of judah are they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel so
chronicles of the kings of israel so
chronicles of the kings of israel so jehoash rested with his father's and was
jehoash rested with his father's and was
jehoash rested with his father's and was buried in samaria with the kings of
buried in samaria with the kings of
buried in samaria with the kings of israel then Jeroboam his son reigned in
israel then Jeroboam his son reigned in
israel then Jeroboam his son reigned in his place a messiah the son of joash
his place a messiah the son of joash
his place a messiah the son of joash king of Judah lived fifteen years after
king of Judah lived fifteen years after
king of Judah lived fifteen years after the death of Jehoash the son of Jehovah
the death of Jehoash the son of Jehovah
the death of Jehoash the son of Jehovah as king of Israel now the rest of the
as king of Israel now the rest of the
as king of Israel now the rest of the acts of a messiah are they not written
acts of a messiah are they not written
acts of a messiah are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the
in the book of The Chronicles of the
in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah and they formed a
kings of Judah and they formed a
kings of Judah and they formed a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and he fled to lakish but they sent after
he fled to lakish but they sent after
he fled to lakish but they sent after him to lakish and killed him there then
him to lakish and killed him there then
him to lakish and killed him there then they brought him on horses
they brought him on horses
they brought him on horses and he was buried at Jerusalem with his
and he was buried at Jerusalem with his
and he was buried at Jerusalem with his father's in the City of David and all
father's in the City of David and all
father's in the City of David and all the people of Judah took Azariah who was
the people of Judah took Azariah who was
the people of Judah took Azariah who was 16 years old and made him King instead
16 years old and made him King instead
16 years old and made him King instead of his father Amazon
of his father Amazon
of his father Amazon he built Elath and restored it to Judah
he built Elath and restored it to Judah
he built Elath and restored it to Judah after the king rested with his father's
after the king rested with his father's
after the king rested with his father's in the fifteenth year of Amazon the son
in the fifteenth year of Amazon the son
in the fifteenth year of Amazon the son of joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son
of joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son
of joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son of jehoiada 'el became king in samaria
of jehoiada 'el became king in samaria
of jehoiada 'el became king in samaria and reigned 41 years and he did evil in
and reigned 41 years and he did evil in
and reigned 41 years and he did evil in the sight of the lord he did not depart
the sight of the lord he did not depart
the sight of the lord he did not depart from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of
from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of
from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat who had made Israel sin he
Nebat who had made Israel sin he
Nebat who had made Israel sin he restored the territory of Israel from
restored the territory of Israel from
restored the territory of Israel from the entrance of Hamas to the sea of
the entrance of Hamas to the sea of
the entrance of Hamas to the sea of Arabah according to the word of the Lord
Arabah according to the word of the Lord
Arabah according to the word of the Lord God of Israel which he had spoken
God of Israel which he had spoken
God of Israel which he had spoken through his servant Jonah the son of
through his servant Jonah the son of
through his servant Jonah the son of Amitai the prophet who was from Gath -
Amitai the prophet who was from Gath -
Amitai the prophet who was from Gath - for the Lord saw that the affliction of
for the Lord saw that the affliction of
for the Lord saw that the affliction of Israel was very bitter
Israel was very bitter
Israel was very bitter and whether bond or free there was no
and whether bond or free there was no
and whether bond or free there was no helper for Israel and the Lord did not
helper for Israel and the Lord did not
helper for Israel and the Lord did not say that he would blot out the name of
say that he would blot out the name of
say that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven but he saved
Israel from under heaven but he saved
Israel from under heaven but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of
them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of
them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joh now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam
Joh now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam
Joh now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam and all that he did his might how he
and all that he did his might how he
and all that he did his might how he made war and how he recaptured for
made war and how he recaptured for
made war and how he recaptured for Israel from Damascus and Hamas what had
Israel from Damascus and Hamas what had
Israel from Damascus and Hamas what had belonged to Judah are they not written
belonged to Judah are they not written
belonged to Judah are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the
in the book of The Chronicles of the
in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel so Jeroboam rested with
kings of Israel so Jeroboam rested with
kings of Israel so Jeroboam rested with his father's the kings of Israel then
his father's the kings of Israel then
his father's the kings of Israel then Zechariah his son reigned in his place
Zechariah his son reigned in his place
Zechariah his son reigned in his place you